# Week 14
### Frustration
Unbeknownst to me, the AC780S LCD controller is compatible with the HD44780 LCD controller, which is kind of an industry standard sort of thing. So, since that controller already has a driver in Zephyr, my AC780S driver is likely useless and not worth contributing. I'm waiting to hear back from someone in the discord but I'm guessing they're going to say it's not needed... Sigh.
### SGP30 Driver
I started and have a lot of progress on a driver for the SGP30 Gas Sensor. It's an obsolete part so I don't think I could contribute it, but it allows the thermometer to be a bit more complex. Unfortunately the SGP30 sensor is taking longer than expected because its operation is more complex than other sensors including the fact that measurements need to be taken once a second to maintain accuracy, so I have to setup a timer within the driver which is not trivial.
### Silver Lining
I haven't been able to get as much done during this independent study as I would have liked to, but one thing that's good is I feel like I'm learning a lot about how drivers work and specifics around how devicetree nodes are instantiated. For example, the the bottom of the ac780s.c or sgp30.c files is a ```DEVICE_API``` macro followed by some gnarly preprocessor stuff that at the beginning of the semester I had absolutely no idea how it worked (in addition to devicetree in general, zephyr kernel objects, and more) but now I feel confident enough to know what I'm doing with all that stuff and explain it to others! So that's a victory! (Maybe not an A+ kind of victory, but enough of a victory to make me happy!)